Yes.
Young master, must complete double the performance of the entire company within 3 days.
That's impossible.
You shouldn't have promised him.
Don't worry.
Isn't it just to double the company's performance?
It's very simple.
Double performance in three days
Even God himself can't do it.
Master, if you say so simply
Looks like his mind is still not good.
So what are you going to do?
Me.
I'm thirsty, young master.
I just saved you.
You still want to fight me?
Go make me a glass of hot milk.
Remember to shake the milk powder evenly.
Young master, you mean to drink this.
Don't drink this. What do you drink?
Hey, hurry up.
I'll have to go to Dr. Joe later to get the dowry.
There is this of this dowry has not this achievement come?
Go to Kieu's dowry
Does a dowry count as an achievement?